readme.md, before:

## ECDSA Node

This project is an example of using a client and server to facilitate transfers between different addresses. Since there is just a single server on the back-end handling transfers, this is clearly very centralized. We won't worry about distributed consensus for this project.

However, something that we would like to incoporate is Public Key Cryptography. By using Elliptic Curve Digital Signatures we can make it so the server only allows transfers that have been signed for by the person who owns the associated address.

### Video instructions
For an overview of this project as well as getting started instructions, check out the following video:

https://www.loom.com/share/0d3c74890b8e44a5918c4cacb3f646c4
 
### Client

The client folder contains a [react app](https://reactjs.org/) using [vite](https://vitejs.dev/). To get started, follow these steps:

1. Open up a terminal in the `/client` folder
2. Run `npm install` to install all the depedencies
3. Run `npm run dev` to start the application 
4. Now you should be able to visit the app at http://127.0.0.1:5173/

### Server

The server folder contains a node.js server using [express](https://expressjs.com/). To run the server, follow these steps:

1. Open a terminal within the `/server` folder 
2. Run `npm install` to install all the depedencies 
3. Run `node index` to start the server 

The application should connect to the default server port (3042) automatically! 

_Hint_ - Use [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) instead of `node` to automatically restart the server on any changes.

Commit message:

summary blockchain node
updated readme.md with project notes, added script into server, added items in app.jsx react frontend and wallet.jsx to be finished later

readme.md, after:



## Student notes
1. How you acheived the goals of the project
Goal of project is to sign a transaction instead of using direct private keys to send funds
use keccek hash of transaction and private key to prove what sender wanted to sending

errors in importing secp256k1 into front end prevented from completing 

intended goal is to have fields in front end to create a signature using addresses and amount and input them to be hashed with private key

  const signature = await secp.sign(messageHash, privateKey);

verify on other side pass between client to server the hash and publickey and signature match

  const isSigned = secp.verify(signature, messageHash, publicKey);


2. server side script to generate eth private keys and public key addresses in server scripts



## ECDSA Node

This project is an example of using a client and server to facilitate transfers between different addresses. Since there is just a single server on the back-end handling transfers, this is clearly very centralized. We won't worry about distributed consensus for this project.

However, something that we would like to incoporate is Public Key Cryptography. By using Elliptic Curve Digital Signatures we can make it so the server only allows transfers that have been signed for by the person who owns the associated address.

### Video instructions
For an overview of this project as well as getting started instructions, check out the following video:

https://www.loom.com/share/0d3c74890b8e44a5918c4cacb3f646c4
 
### Client

The client folder contains a [react app](https://reactjs.org/) using [vite](https://vitejs.dev/). To get started, follow these steps:

1. Open up a terminal in the `/client` folder
2. Run `npm install` to install all the depedencies
3. Run `npm run dev` to start the application 
4. Now you should be able to visit the app at http://127.0.0.1:5173/

### Server

The server folder contains a node.js server using [express](https://expressjs.com/). To run the server, follow these steps:

1. Open a terminal within the `/server` folder 
2. Run `npm install` to install all the depedencies 
3. Run `node index` to start the server 

The application should connect to the default server port (3042) automatically! 

_Hint_ - Use [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) instead of `node` to automatically restart the server on any changes.
